Mithril update 2024-06-26 (#416)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-06-26-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-06-26-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team released the [threat modeling explainer](https://mithril.network/doc/next/mithril/threat-model) for the documentation website. They also continued implementing the certification of Cardano transactions in Mithril networks. They kept implementing the low-latency certification with the retrieval of transactions using the chain sync mini-protocol and Pallas. Additionally, the team started working on the the redaction of a draft CIP for the diffusion of Mithril signatures through the Cardano network.
> 
> Finally, they fixed a bug that prevented the verification of the transactions included in the last certified block, and they improved the documentation of the WASM client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team released the [threat modeling explainer](https://mithril.network/doc/next/mithril/threat-model) for the documentation website. They also continued implementing the certification of Cardano transactions in Mithril networks and the low-latency certification with the retrieval of transactions using the chain sync mini-protocol and Pallas. Additionally, the team started redacting a draft CIP for the diffusion of Mithril signatures through the Cardano network.

Finally, they fixed a bug that prevented the verification of the transactions included in the last certified block and improved the WASM client's documentation.
```
